[DOCS] Clarify multi-field addition requires update by query for existing documents (#91541)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/put-mapping.asciidoc

You can use the update mapping API to update the `fields` mapping parameter and
enable multi-fields for an existing field.

> WARNING: If an index (or data stream) contains documents when you add a multi-field,
> those documents will not receive the mapping update. You can apply mapping changes
> with the <<docs-update-by-query,update by query API>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: If an index (or data stream) contains documents when you add a
multi-field, those documents will not have values for the new multi-field. You
can populate the new multi-field with the <<picking-up-a-new-property,update by
query API>>.
```
